I with Juan Pablo González have traveled
for many years to different
international tournaments we are very good
friends and co-workers he has
demonstrated all his effort throughout
of these years demonstrating it with
results that is more important in the
high performance sport and that's a
characteristic of all the gymnast of
I think they are very hard and that
is a value to be rescued also within
this sport I think you have to value
that and you have to keep working with
clear goals to us makes us very
ok this kind of events these
controls at national level since we
motivate us to continue improving and
continue training with sights now the
2014 South American Games
the theme of infrastructure is
fundamental in high sport
performance I believe that little by little there
to go decentralizing a little
in supporting not only just in the
capital in santiago but also the
different regions can receive the
State support for us is
fundamental infrastructure
of first level since we compete in that
infrastructure and gymnastics
characterized by sport for being a
very detailed sport and every detail
influences performance while the better
leaves in its structure better results
we will also be able to obtain
ah
I take this opportunity to appeal to all
State authorities in charge of
financing and support for sports
regional so they can support the club
and so they can support gymnastics
we are on a rise in this sport myself
that in my performance in the games
Olympics motivated many children I think
that is the minute to support this
serious sport at a professional level
so we can have many more
Olympic finalists in the future
ah